Step 1: Get code from frontend-joe.

Navigate to frontend-joe GitHub page,
access his repository ("svg-animation"),
and copy the code within the <svg> tags
specifically from the "animation 1 ->
index.html" project.

Step 2: Paste the code to your App.js
return statement.

Place the SVG code into new <div> tag
within your existing JSX structure where
you want it to appear. You can use the
dangerouslySetInnerHTML prop to insert
the SVG code as raw HTML. 

Step 3: Get styles from Joe`s styles.css

Revisit frontend-joe's GitHub profile to
extract the code from his repository,
focusing on the "animation 1" within the
"svg-animation" project. Extract only
the CSS styles for the <svg> tag in
the "styles.css" file.

Step 4: Insert Joe`s styles into 
your index.css

Retrieved code from Joe's profile insert
it into your "index.css," followed by
making any required modifications.
IMPORTANT! Given my limited proficiency 
in CSS, this method doesn't seem to be
the most appropriate one.
